hi this is how to create a trifold
brochure using Microsoft Word first
thing you all obviously need to do is go
to your dock wherever it is and open
Microsoft Word mine's already opened as
you can see and then what is very nice
about Microsoft Word is it has many
different templates that you can choose
from so if you go under file and the
second link down is new from template
you want to use one of Microsoft's
existing templates you click on that it
provides you with a whole series of
choices I believe on the left hand side
if you look moving down you can see that
one of the options is brochures and you
can see that there are a number of
different brochures that you can choose
among I'm just going to choose this one
the capital brochure and open it up and
obviously it has some stuff on it that I
don't want so the part over here even
though it may look confusing the part
over here on the right is actually your
front cover so I'm going to highlight
what they have and I'm going to type in
what I want moving lights and then here
I'm going to put my slogan lay in the
future so obviously you can change
anything that's on here including your
picture image I could find a picture
that I wanted drag it over top of that
you're able to change and edit the
template as you can see I've changed the
color up here if you click on it the
fill color I can make a head of yellow I
can make it red you can basically do
whatever you want this is a picture
image so if I want to do shrink up that
picture I could do so
you have a lot of flexibility with these
templates and again there are many
others that you are able to choose from
this just happens to be the one that I
picked